{
    "id": 21,
    "imagelink":"",
    "crop": "watermelon",
    "introduction": "Watermelon is a juicy and refreshing fruit that is widely grown for its sweet and succulent flesh. It is a popular summer fruit that is consumed fresh or used in salads, juices, and desserts.",
    "growth climate": "Watermelon grows best in warm temperatures ranging from 25-30°C. The crop requires plenty of sunshine and a long growing season of 70-100 days. High humidity and rainfall are also favorable for growth and fruit development.",
    "soil": "Watermelon grows well in deep, well-drained soils with a pH between 6.0-7.0. The soil should be rich in organic matter and nutrients. Sandy loam and loamy soils are ideal for watermelon cultivation.",
    "Varieties recommended": "Some popular watermelon varieties include Crimson Sweet, Charleston Gray, Sugar Baby, and Jubilee. These varieties are known for their high yield, good flavor, and resistance to diseases.",
    "Sowing and seed planting": "Watermelon seeds are sown directly into the soil in the spring season when the soil temperature is above 18°C. Seeds are planted at a depth of 1-2 cm and spaced at 60-90 cm apart.",
    "method of planting": "The seeds are planted in hills or rows depending on the cultivar and spacing requirements. The hills are typically 1.5 m apart, and 3-4 seeds are planted per hill. Once the seedlings have emerged, they are thinned to one or two plants per hill.",
    "young palms": "Young watermelon plants require adequate water and nutrients to establish and grow. Irrigation is necessary during the early stages of growth, and the plants should be protected from pests and diseases.",
    "land preparation": "The land should be prepared by plowing, harrowing, and leveling to create a fine seedbed. Organic matter and fertilizers should be added to the soil to enhance soil fertility and nutrient availability.",
    "spacing": "Watermelon plants should be spaced at 1.5-2 m apart in rows, and 2-3 m between rows. This spacing ensures adequate room for growth and good airflow around the plants.",
    "manuring": "Watermelon requires a balanced supply of nutrients for optimum growth and yield. Manure, compost, and chemical fertilizers can be used to meet the nutrient requirements of the crop. The recommended dose of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium is 150:75:75 kg per hectare.",
    "fertilizers": "Fertilizers should be applied before planting and during the growing season. Nitrogen should be applied in split doses to avoid excessive vegetative growth and delay fruit maturity.",
    "intercultural operation": "Inter-cultivation is important to control weeds and maintain soil moisture. Cultivation should be done shallowly to avoid root damage, and hoeing should be done when the soil is dry to prevent soil compaction.",
    "weeding": "Watermelon is sensitive to competition from weeds, and timely weeding is necessary to prevent yield losses. Hand weeding or mechanical methods can be used to control weeds.",
    "re-planting or under-planting": "Watermelon can be intercropped with legumes, vegetables, or cereals to maximize land use and improve soil health. Replanting can be done after the harvest of the previous crop.",
    "nutritional deficiencies and their management": "Common nutritional deficiencies in watermelon include nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium. These deficiencies can be managed by applying appropriate fertilizers, compost, or manure. Foliar sprays can also be used to supplement nutrients."
    }